we got invited in here to build
something that would work with the
audience here in the studio and the
audience out there on the world service
so what we've invented is it's a
ping-pong ball launcher and every time
someone on Twitter uses the hashtag BBC
click it will release a ping-pong ball
from the big tube at the top at the end
of the show Tom here has put together
with some motors some Lego and a
cardboard tube a device that will send
all those accumulated ping-pong balls
into the audience so naturally it's a
that is that tweet coming in so he's
been tweeting on the hashtag and
obviously it's red rag to a bull you
tell people out on Twitter to do this on
balls go absolutely crazy
it's amazing
the ping-pong balls being flung out to
the audience members of the front row
are literally dunking I hope there are
members of senior BBC management sitting
at the front but then may well be so I
think it's fair to say gentlemen over
here from the London hacks face that has
kind of works